(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] So now let's take a look at the solution
for consuming Config Server.
I hope you found this to be a relatively easy task.
All we needed to do was go into the Pom file
for both our reservation services and our room services
and add a few values.
So we added the property here on line 19 we added our
dependency for spring cloud config client on line 31
through 34 we added in our dependency management section
from 53 to 63 and then we added in our repository
as you can see here from 64 to 70 that was everything
that we needed to do to get our system up and running.
In addition to that, we needed to actually now consume
that by going to source main resources and bring up
a bootstrap.properties file, so for the reservation
services our spring application name will be just
that reservationservices without the hyphen
and we will do the same for the roomservices.
Now if you start all of your applications as I have done
you're going to have reservationservices running
on 8801
and roomservices on 8802
let's go ahead and jump
to a web browser and see if that's what's going on.
So we've already got our work on guests and we'll go ahead
and refresh that and make sure that it's still returning on
port 8800, now open up a new tab and go
to localhost8801/reservations
and we've got our reservations
and we'll do one more new tab and on this one we're going
to go localhost8802/rooms and we are getting room data.
So on my machine, I am running four web services at one
time all on different ports, 9000 for the config server
8800, 8801 and 8802
for the guests, reservations and rooms
and we're not done yet but we're starting to simulate
what it looks like in a cloud environment where we have
multiple processes running in this same virtualized
host system and that's where the value of cloud native
programming comes from, is the ability to do that
and then horizontally scale, which without running some sort
of a container management would start to impose problems on
my single image machine but I'll leave that for something
for you to play with at another time.